Events Before The Game
======================

On [layer -1](TODO) there lived a peaceful race called the [Na'than](TODO). While on other races intelligent life had yet to awaken their civilization flourished. The [Na'than](TODO) had a natural affinity for the magic provided by the [Infinity Rock](TODO) and much more of it leaked into their layer than others. They became dependent on it for their survival but because of this they had a paradise. The plants that grew on [layer -1](TODO) weren't special but using their imaginations the [Na'than](TODO) could turn them into a living thing that could complete whatever function they could imagine. The only thing they couldn't do was produce magic of their own so Na'than children were taught to use their powers responsibly.

A Na'than called Farro was not satisfied with this. She protested that without progress they would stagnate and if they didn't have enough magic they should figure out a way to solve it. Farro was unique among the Na'than by being born with something akin to Human charisma and ambition, with was unheard of among the Na'than who had always ruled through elected council.

Some of the young were swayed by her words and under her guidance began to research ways to amplify magical power. After a while they were somewhat successful and managed to create a glove-like plant that would draw magic towards the user and amplify their abilities. The council were furious with this as they had never believed Farro would be successful and banished her to the desolate Fo'tho. Fo'tho was barely inhabited because there was very little plants there.

Farro called upon the people to realize that as a race they had so much more potential than what was currently possible and many answered the call, leaving with her to Fo'tho. She founded the Na'than Academy of Progress.

Farro's researchers next huge breakthrough was a plant that could consume [Infinite](TODO). They realized that magic energy came from tiny gaps in the walls of infinite so if they could widen those gaps they could in theory obtain more. They knew that anything could happen if they did this so they managed to create a plant that could stop the flow of magical energy. They used this to build a large engine around the gap.

Confident they were now ready to handle the outcome, they started their project. Results were fantastic. Even though who had previously had a low aptitude for magic could preform amazing feats. It didn't take long for the council to notice this change though and they grew fearful. They sent a massager to demand that Farro stop the engine. Farro's answer was to laugh and set the engine's output to max and use it to create a giant towering tree of light and crystal that could be seen from all of layer -1. Moved with emotion, the messenger joined the academics and didn't return.

The council's word was absolute law, because the Na'than were highly logical people with very little ego, so they would usually go along with any decision because they could see it was the will of everyone. The messenger's betrayal was an unheard of crime and the land was in an uproar. Many saw the beauty of the Light Tree and left to join the academy where they could enjoy a higher quality of life. The people demanded the council do something and for the first time in history an army was assembled in layer -1.

The council's forces had one goal and that was disabling the magic engine and bringing justice to Farro and the rest of her inner circle. The academics responded by creating towering plants that spat fire at any who drew near. Since there was no war to prevent to council from enjoying the same enhanced magic the war became very violent very quickly, as the academy tried to destroy the besieging forces while they still had the advantage of being closer to the engine.

Farro had the hole in the Infinite enlarged in preparation for an ultimatum. She quickly rose the output and used the power before anyone else could to uproot the Light Tree and point it like a missile towards the capital city. She appeared before the council's army and ordered them to withdraw or she would use her power to destroy the capital. One of the besiegers had a fit of madness and shot at her with a weapon, destroying her left eye. Furious, she unleashed the light tree and then opened the engine to put an end to things.

Farro and the companions who first left the capital with her declared the council unfit to rule, installing themselves as the true council with the new capital being the Academy, now called Academia. The war continued for some time until eventually the strange fits like the one that led to the old capital's destruction became increasingly common. Soldiers on both sides started to go completely insane, losing control of their powers randomly. Many killed themselves in these fits and many more killed those around them. It was around then when they started the hear the voice of the engine speak to them.

Magic is what leads to sentient life, which then uses the magic and eventually supply meets demand and evolution stops. But the Na'than had disturbed this balance, which led the living creature closest to the source, the engine itself, to gain intelligence.

Farro tried to destroy it but was instead sucked in and absorbed. Terrified after losing their leader, the academics fled the city. At first the besiegers thought it an attack and cast down those fleeing but soon realized there was greater things to worry about. Afterwards, the engine started to grow larger by consuming more and more magic. More and more Na'than lost control of their powers and all hope seemed lost. Determined to save the last of his race, the youngest of the council Darra traveled to the edge of the engines expansion and used it's power to do something nobody had even considered: An end to physical life. Like a wave, Darra's thought swept over the layer and the Na'than were no more than spirits, still retaining their individuality but no longer able to physically interact with the outside world.

Thousands of years passed. Some cursed Darra for what he had done but most recognized he had saved their souls. Over time though the Na'than grew bored and wished for an end which they were granted, until only two remained: Darra and Farro. Farro was determined to someday regain a physical form and as a god of sorts, rebuild the race of the Na'than to it's former glory. Darra wished nothing but for sleep, but would not until he could be sure Farro would never realise her ambition.